Enchance Snake tutorial (#11)
fragcolor-xyz/chainblocks-examples: tutorials/snake/steps/step-3.md

# Step 3

## Drawing the grid, the fruit, and the snake

> We will assign some values to define what entity each cell of our grid can represent. For now, we will map these numeric values to draw a uniquesingle character each foras the visual representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will assign some values to define what entity each cell of our grid can represent. For now, we will map these numeric values to draw a unique single character each foras the visual representation.
```

`foras`?

Author: Fixed

            (-> .grid (render))))))

>     (defnode root)

Author: Fixed
